Choerry: <Woomanna> is just out~ My episode!
Choerry: Shall we watch this together?
(They’re watching the web drama which LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE starred in!)
‘Are you satisfied?’
Choerry: Absolutely!
Choerry: It was nice~
HyunJin: I think she has to continue acting!
Choerry: Oh~ Really?
HyunJin: Just put singing aside and then pursue acting.
JinSoul: Put singing aside...
Choerry: What’s your name?
YeoJin: I’m YeoJin Im~
Choerry: Ah~ oh my goodness~
Choerry: Please look forward to the next episode!
HyunJin: Why are you talking like an actor?
Go Won: You should act a little shy~
Go Won: I knew it, you’re a good actor~
Choerry: You surprised me!
Go Won: You surprised me!
Choerry: What are you doing~
Choerry: I thought it is what you sent me!
Choerry: Peek-a-Boo